[stable/kube-state-metrics] Allow specification of additional volume types in podSecurityPolicy of kube-state-metrics (#22122)
helm/charts: stable/kube-state-metrics/README.md

| `serviceAccount.imagePullSecrets`            | Specify image pull secrets field                                                      | `[]`                                       |
| `podSecurityPolicy.enabled`                  | If true, create & use PodSecurityPolicy resources. Note that related RBACs are created only if `rbac.enabled` is `true. | `false`  |
| `podSecurityPolicy.annotations`              | Specify pod annotations in the pod security policy                                    | {}                                         |

> | `podSecurityPolicy.additionalVolumes`        | Specify allowed volumes in the pod security policy (`secret` is always allowed)       | []                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `podSecurityPolicy.volumes`        | Specify allowed volumes in the pod security policy       | ['secret']                                         |
```
